- There's over $100,000
inside of this bank vault.
And now that it's sealed
this key is the only way to get inside.
And whichever one
of these guys touches the
vault first gets what's inside.
Go!
- Oh boy.
- What do we do?
- Oh.
- Hey, Chris is through.
Is anyone else gonna make it?
Oh, and Chris touch the vault!
- I didn't really even do anything yet.
- Just pull on the handle.
- Oh.
- You get nothing.
This was just a decoy vault.
Now the boys are gonna run
through all the challenges
and hope that the safe
they win is the safe
with the $100,000 prize for their dad.
- Oh my God.
Nolan go.
He's going.
Nolan, watch out.
There's one over your head right now.
- Oh.
- Did Chandler hit one?
- No, no
It was so close.
- I'm so scared.
- Watch out, watch out, watch out.
- I'm gonna go for it.
- Nolan's making progress.
He's about to win and there we go.
- Yes!
- No! No!
- Why am I so good at this?
- Because you're so skinny and lanky.
- Did your dad just win a hundred grand?
Or next stage you have to carry mannequin.
- Are you kidding me?!
- At least the mannequin's very handsome.
- He is so handsome.
- Welcome to my favorite room.
The city of red solo cups.
There's over 1 billion
red solo cups in here.
- I just don't think that's true.
- Don't count them.
What could you possibly find
in here that would open a safe?
- A key!
- I said it first.
- A key.
- Begin searching.
This is so satisfying to watch.
I don't even feel like
they're looking for the key.
- Chandler find that key, man.
- Oh! Boo-yah!
- That's what I'm talking about!
- Whooo!
- Let's see what your dad just won.
It's if you win the
hundred thousand dollars
your dad also gets a Tesla now.
- Whoo, yes!
- Keep watching.
Let's go to the next one.
I brought the boys to our
next safe and blindfolded them
so they couldn't see the garage door.
That is now falling.
You gotta make it under, go.
- Oh, do they make it?
Oh Karl did it.
Karl touched it first.
- Come on, show me a hundred grand.
- It's probably not a hundred grand.
- It's not a hundred grand,
but your dad did win $10,000 in cash.
- Yeah man.
You don't care about your dad?
- I tried, I ran.
- Pathetic.
- Let's see if the next
vault has a hundred grand.
This is a mountain of Legos.
And that is a key dangling in the air.
- Look at it dangle.
- Whichever one of you
uses those Legos to
build to that key first
gets what's in the vault.
- You go Karl.
- Start stacking, start stacking them.
- You weren't even close.
- He's a rule breaker.
- Chandler, you have a good vertical.
Can you try to jump and grab it?
- Oh my ankle. You see that?
- And while the boys are
trying to grab that key,
I want tell you guys about
Current, the future of banking.
With Current, you can do all
your banking on your phone.
You can literally sign up,
send and receive money.
Cash checks all from
within the Current app.
- Oh.
- A piece.
- No, he almost had it.
- This is the same company
that sponsored this video
and gave everyone that signed up $1
and 10 people a thousand dollars.
- Oh, he got it.
- Nice.
- And I got it.
- Before you open that, can
you apologize to Current
for cutting off the ad?
- I'm very sorry Current.
- What's in the safe?
- Hundred grand baby.
- It's not a hundred grand.
It is, If you don't win the
next challenge your kicked
- All this hard work to get nothing.
You pick the worst one to win.
- If you don't win this
next challenge, man
I'll be so disappointed.
- We're back in the laser
room and turn them on.
- How are we suppose to
make it through this?
- As you see it disappears
and then reappears.
- Okay?
- You have to cross in between the lasers
when they disappear.
I need to finish telling you about Current
because Chandler interrupted us.
- Sorry.
- The first 100,000
people to download Current
and use the code Beastbank.
I will literally deposit $1
into your Current account.
- Wow, that's free money.
- This is my Current tag.
And I'm gonna be sending
$20,000 in cash to random people
that request money.
If you switch your direct
deposit over to them
you'll get 5,000 points
which you can redeem for this sexy
Current Mr. Beast hoodie,
click the link description
download Current right now.
And you can get this
beautiful Current card.
- Chandler?!
- Yeah?
- If you touch a laser,
you and your dad are out.
- I know.
- He's gonna attempt
it when it disappears.
Okay. Made it.
That's one.
Can he do it again?
- This is nerve wracking.
- Okay.
- Hey, why aren't you guys joining him?
- We didn't-
- Oh, what is this,
the Chandler challenge?
- Kind of.
- Oh, he's over here.
- We made it.
- That's it skinny boy.
- This is the last one Chandler.
This has the shortest duration
between when it disappears
and comes back.
Oh, wait, wait, wait, I
need to see the slowmo.
He's about to do it.
There is no break in the laser.
He successfully did it. Congrats.
- Yes! We didn't get kicked.
- Chandler, what's in the vault?
Oh, it's upside down.
- I hope you're Chandler.
Wait. How'd you know?
- I did this before you guys came in here.
- Oh.
- You won nothing, but at least
you're not kicked Chandler.
(cheering)
- This vault is protected by
a plunge of electric wires.
The wires only react to
metal, so it's safe to touch.
But I tried to scare the
guys with this little trick.
Just to show you what would
happen if you did touch it,
I would recommend you don't.
- No!
- There's sparks?!
- I thought it would look
hilarious to watch the boys tiptoe
around these wires thinking
they were actually electric.
But Chris, for whatever reason
just had no fear and just
ran straight through it.
- Oh!
- Chris touched it.
Anyways, Chris thought he won.
The guys thought he cheated.
So we decided to move on to the next room.
Thank you, Chris.
Welcome to the next room.
- What the heck?
- Everyone take a stand.
You guys are gonna be voting
for who opens the safe.
Maybe there's a hundred
grand behind that vault.
- So what's the rule,
we can't vote for ourself or something?
- You can't vote for yourself.
That is correct.
- Ooh, I knew it!
- Right? Who you want to open the safe?
Who'd you vote for?
- Karl!
- Yeah, baby!
- I voted for Nolan because
I don't want him to win,
and he'll somehow find a way.
- Nebraska Nolan.
- Nolan has two votes.
And Chandler who did you vote for?
- Chris.
- Chris? Which means
Nolan won with two votes.
- Yes, a hundred thousand dollars!
I'm gonna get this.
Dad I think this is it.
I feel it.
It's a hundred grand.
- Okay.
- Please don't be it, please
don't be inside of it.
- Next room you get to
use a metal detector.
- What for?
- Inside this giant beach is a key.
Let the challenge begin.
I think you can see why
you want a metal detector.
- I can detect the key.
- Stop. I'm trying to find a key!
- Oh, why are you trying
to use your metal detector?
Why don't you detect this?
- Oh, I found it.
I got it.
No! Move off me.
I got a rock.
- He thought the rock was the key.
- I got sandy for nothing.
- Okay. I'm gonna be honest.
They found the key, but it broke.
- It doesn't count.
- It does count.
- Yes!
- Congratulations.
On winning a $5,000 home Depot gift card.
(cheering)
- I'll take it.
- That's every dad's dream!
At the start of this video,
this big vault was empty
and we covered it with a black sheet.
But now we're gonna fill the same vault
with the $100,000 cash prize.
We're about to see whose
dad wins a hundred grand.
As you can see, you are
back in the first room.
- You put nails up there?
- Yeah, I don't want you climbing over it.
Remember whoever touches this
first gets what's inside.
- A hundred grand.
- Oh, I didn't say go.
- He didn't say go.
- But I just said, go.
- Go!
- Don't kill me!
- There you go Chris, that was a good one.
- That was a lot of glass!
- How do I get through this?
- Ah! Ah!
- What am I doing wrong?
- Guys just break the glass.
- Hey Nolan, Watch out.
- Oh, Nolan touched it.
Nolan, the vault is unlocked.
Have at it.
- Hundred grand.
- Here we go.
Yes! Hundred grand!
Look at all this money! Look at all of it!
Look dad, you get hundred grand!
- I'm so proud of you Nolan.
You're the best bank robber ever.
- And if you haven't already
hit that subscribe button
because I'm gonna be
giving away $10,000 in cash
to a random subscriber, I'll
pick a winner in 72 hours.
Hit the subscribe button.
If you haven't already, goodbye.
♪ Mr. Beast's thousand dollars ♪
♪ Mr. Beast..♪